# 2021 week 39

Dog spayed this week so a little slow.
However, final work on Beth's stuff and also coming to the hypothesis on correlation being "bad".

## 2021-09-29

Finished off the work on Beth's stuff yesterday, though things were a little slow as dog was spayed on Monday.

Today, in the morning I was reading some papers.
No major ideas found, but I did discover that the idea of creating a model of a cell type E.G. 
HD cell, and then applying this to robotics is a interesting thing. The model was quite fast too. 
Biologically inspired models again. However, the model was really quite simple, taking as input angular velocity (how much left or right movement), and then using this to update the HD. With a good angular velocity, simply integrating the HD would give a good result.
The model was only useful in the presence of a noisy sensory (probably like brain is good with noise).

Then moved on to trying to plan last experiment for PhD.

## Thursday, September 30, 2021

### Possible python GUI for SIMURAN

- Dear Pygui
- 

## Friday, October 1, 2021

Listening to the oxford neuroscience talk in the morning.
Things presented:

1. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8315304/ - Thalamic cerebullum pathway to motor cortex
2. Superior colliculus and role in sensorimotor communication - Duan, Pagan, Piet et al in Nat Neuro 2021. They used a model to try and replicate the results, and check which circuit features are essential for executive control. 2nd talk, Duan, Pan et al. Nat Comms 2021
3. Beta oscillations (12 - 35Hz) are a ubiquitous feature of the healthy motor cortex. PD loss of dopamine in Striatum due to death of neurons in Substantia Nigra pars compacta. Lesioned coherence increases in 6-OHDA lesioned animals (didn't cathc the region). Basal ganglia neurons become patholigically synchronised to cortical beta oscillations in Parkinson's Disease. Charlotte Stagg applying gamma during theta oscillations.

I feel I'm building a hypothesis here: coherence and correlation is bad?
From IT, I feel it could certainly be provable.
What about the need for many spikes?
And what would be my specific hypothesis to test?
Plus, if I'm saying coherence and corr is "bad", then I think I'm saying that the less variance described by PCA the better.