# 2021 week 43

In progress! Should be project planning though.
Also Matheus leaving at end of week, so wrapping up some things.

## Tuesday, October 26, 2021

Back to work after the long weekend cleaning.

Note that Richard Gao wrote a lot of relateable stuff for the PhD that could be interesting to look at.

Today in the morning I was in the office, and it seems my computer is back working.

Matheus also sent me on a paper that uses open data from the Buzsaki lab which could be good to look at soon.

### Matheus leaving

Matheus might need help to get the ripples finished, will take note of those here:
(For me) - Matheus leaving - mostly help with ripples.
1. Send me on the where you are with the ripples - I can help you finish that.
2. Exercise/diet study - data shared through Drive.
3. Inventory of the lab for expensive equipment.

Matheus and I will come in on Friday morning to do lab inventory and anything else that is needed.

## Wednesday, October 27, 2021

Going to start off the morning with reading Models of the Mind and the spike to gather final ideas.

Since last thinking about it, I also have the idea of comparing spike population dynamics to lfp dynamics.
I need to start to prep for my confirmation meeting in March, easier to get it out of the way now.
Have a template in my thesis folder and will work on this more.

Need to check paper Matheus sent on tomorrow.
Also have ideas from books that I have written down on paper but need to transcribe to here.

## Thursday, October 28, 2021

Starting off with looking at human data and reading.

I need to start writing out the population level techniques - have some of these in lit review.
Might not be any harm to even make a table style of these in my thesis TBH.

Writing out some hypotheses today and reading papers. Note - https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.09.15.460545v1
This could be interesting to look at more if considering the corr=decreased performance on tasks idea.
ni et al. science 2018 also.

## Friday, October 29, 2021

Was doing a lab inventory today and is Matheus' last day.
