# 2021 week 41

Finished the feature demo by the end of the week.

## Monday, October 11, 2021

At the point of having a decent demo. Will work on requirements in turn, and then on datasets.
Can I present something at Neuromatch??

Achieved:

- Can create custom nodes and link them together.
- Made a factory for nodes (still need to make an abstract factory).
- Allowed showing plots of images (though they are too large currently for the screen).
- Working basics


I should go through some of this daily to make sure that I am familiar with the design patterns presented https://springframework.guru/gang-of-four-design-patterns/
From a short reading though, I likely need a factory to create nodes, and a factory of factories to create these node creating factories (woof).

Pretty much at a working demo!

TODO to get working demo:

1. Add tooltips.
2. Make the nodes meaningful (e.g. search for a file).
3. Do a computation.
4. Show an actual result.

## Thursday, October 14, 2021

The last few days I have been working to get my demo working for the UI.

It looks quite good at the moment, but I'm have a few things to clean up - however nearly at the end.
It has actual behaviour, but needs work to be very useful, however, demo is pretty good.

Things to note that I should check out:

- https://hypothesis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ghostwriter.html for automatic unit tests.
- Pyjama python conference.
- Still need to check out the conference this year on comp neuro.
- I should look at the citations of some of the neuropixels recordings to evaluate what has been done with them.

## Friday, October 15, 2021

Got the demo finished today and made a gif of it!
Not much coding done, but a lot of reading about code and how to put up the gif.

I ended up using OBS along with ezgif (which are actually a really good combo.) - keep in mind for future!

Finally, I have figured out (from an interview with Guido van Rossum) - that getters and setters (and even making too many classes) is not a clever thing to do.
Tuples are faster than lists, and methods are expensive to call.

Over the weekend I need to check some data sources for this final project I want to do.
