# 2021 week 34

SFC in muscimol, LFP data gathering.

## Tuesday, August 24, 2021

Yesterday was bummed out. Getting back today.

### Priorities

1. Muscimol analysis - do SFC over time (since it is all that is of interest). Theta for e.g. will likely change in sleep. -- outcome, SFC figures over time. Also a plot like the coherence from last paper.
2. T-maze (just run the code and also see how Matheus is getting on).
3. Start making figures in inkscape.
4. Update the paper.
5. Do the online blackboard course.

### Achieved

1. Synthesised ideas around what to do with the rejected connectivity paper.
2. Completed the research integrity course, and uploaded my previous result for integrity part 1. Need to double check they will accept that.

### Notes

For tomorrow to finish off task 1, I need to do the following.
1. Before running make a sure a back up of the cell mapping is taken in case of problems.
2. Parse the list of muscimol cells into a list and then run SFC on this list.
3. Compile together the output.

### Hours worked

5 hours, mostly on writing and reading.

## Wednesday, August 25, 2021

### Achieved

Grabbed together all the muscimol cells run on before.
Took a little while because I used a slightly ill-thought through format before.
Ran SFC on these muscimol cells.

### Tomorrow

There is some weird bug with the wrong path, need to fix ASAP in morning as it is very slowing.

### Hours worked

5, mostly on coding but some reading writing.

## Thursday, August 26, 2021

### Achieved

1. Fixed the bug preventing SFC calculation properly in muscimol data.

### Notes

Listed here are some things to grab for Beth's paper.

1. Power spectra in SUB RSC and CA1 (Matheus).
2. STA and SFC in SUB RSC and muscimol data.
3. FOOF analysis to accompany 1.
4. T-maze coherence and decoding.

The t-maze decoding and coherence first verions are done, just take a while to run.

For tomorrow need to start accumulating the figures and orgnaise the paper a bit so that I can tip away at the paper and think about it over the weekend.

### Time worked

5 hours, mostly on coding.

## Friday, August 27, 2021

### Achieved

Listed and gathered together all the results on the LFP data so that I could make final changes to them and start doing stats etc.

### Hours worked

4 hours.
