# 2021 week 31 summary

Just back from holidays in Clare (week 30). Good week this week, feel better after the break.
Lots of code progress for Beth LFP.

## Tuesday, August 3, 2021


### Plan

1. Emails
2. Finalise results

### Notes

### Achieved

- Cleared up with Beth why not all LFP available in some recordings - due to settings issue in screening.
- Fixed things in the code that I needed to finish off. E.g. wrong labelling of axes, median instead of mean, etc. Had a list.
- Make a list of all recordings where not all LFP signals are available. Indicate which ones can't be used.
- For tomorrow. Finish off a lot of the analyses and start the final runs! Update paper a bit too.

## Wednesday, August 4, 2021

### Plan

- Finish off coding bits for Beth's paper.
- Get more T-maze times.

### Achieved

1. Tested a list of openfield recordings for LFP analysis based on missing signals. Balanced to have same number from each animal. However, based on visual inspection can't use lots of the habituation data because it is very noisy.
2. Looking at papers for formal speed LFP. Seems they do exact same as me, so little change needed.

### Notes

- Interesting paper here from Carandini on LFP https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2730490/. However, I feel they have been slightly selective in their reporting here. The real kicker is in the conclusion, but seems only mentioned once. "To conclude, our quantitative estimate of spatial scale indicates that LFPs are more local than often recognized. LFP signals can faithfully report the selectivity of cortical populations **but only if the underlying map varies on a similar or larger scale**" - bold my own emphasis. As such, I reckon that in a mouse or rat it remains rather non-local. There is more volume conduction than in the cat brain used here (size etc.), and esp in the limbic system, there are often a range of different responses from cells (much less in sync than visual system anyway, that is for sure).
- https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0006899398003904 - speed to LFP

## Thursday, August 5, 2021

### Achieved

- Can't use habituation recordings for LFP in later group of animals, so will use big square instead. The CI are much smaller
- Integrated fooof into the code to evaluate the power spectra in openfield. Fooof identifies peaks in power spectra, and removes non-periodic information by fitting gaussians around peaks. In this way, the result (suggested by relative power), that theta and delta are both present and seem maintained between groups can be confirmed even while using an absolute power spectrum.
- Tested using all signals instead of just 2, to make sure visual inspection and z-scoring actually agree. It makes absolutely no discernable difference.
- Making plan of final things to do to be finished.
- Updated the paper a bit, starting to put in the papers to cite for methods.

### Notes

I'm happy-ish with the state of my literature review. However, using a tool like this would likely allow me to add a bit more formality to the intro https://github.com/lisc-tools/lisc. Eg. I could indicate how much research is on the topic of multi-region recordings and how it has grown.

### Beths stuff

Here are the things left to do (in order)
- Implement new speed theta.
- Spike shuffling for STA.
- Muscimol list of files and include analysis.
- Finish off the t-maze splits and analyse
- Theta in CA1.
- Data inspection on PSD for noise.
- Final(ish) runs of results and creating figures tables etc.
- Update the paper.
- Combine Matheus code with mine and think about how to share data.
- Done.

## Friday, August 6, 2021

### Achieved

- New speed LFP analysis to account for different wires. Shows that previous analysis was inappropriate.

### Notes

Remember this paper which well describes the STA and SFC https://journals.physiology.org/doi/full/10.1152/jn.00610.2009.