# 2021 week 42

Was working on gathering together all the references and data sources for my last open data project.
Have many sources together and just getting ideas.
Also sent on the current (close to fin) version of the LFP paper to Shane.

## Monday, October 18, 2021

Consider using dask so that SIMURAN can scale from my home computer to a cluster (should probably test the cluster though.)

Today I went into the office and I we had a meeting about the LFP paper.
From our meeting, Shane is going to pick up the next bit - and we won't use the shared doc for the writing.

This is an online paper graph viewer: connectedpapers.com

## Wednesday, October 20, 2021

Yesterday, I was working on data finding for prototype of last project (see [[open-data]]).

Today I will mostly be contributing to the same. Note that I also ordered two 4TB hard drives.
Need to follow up with Cian.

I was looking more at DANDI today, they have an open day on Nov 1 if I think they would be useful for my research in general.

Check out https://alyx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Consider laying out figures for papers like this in future https://github.com/AllenInstitute/ophys_ephys_comparison_paper
I already have pickles and csv files, which could be stored elsewhere and then just plotted. Hmmm.

I should look from some DOIs for the datasets I have found in open data, and look for places that use them.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[open-data]: ../projects/open-data "Open Data"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"

## Thursday, October 21, 2021

Found out today that there is a P-P plot which compares CDFs as an alternative to the more widely used Q-Q plot.

Example of an executable Elife paper here https://elifesciences.org/articles/61277/executable

### Thesis ideas

1. Bradley Voytek
2. Make my open data paper an executable one like above. 
3. Explicitly deal with the over 3mil peer reviewed (and more non!) in nscience? - source https://datascience.ucsd.edu/i-am-data-science/i-am-data-science-bradley-voytek/

### Mail with Shane

This came from a discussion here. https://ekmillerlab.mit.edu/2018/11/29/a-controversy-about-whether-brain-waves-play-a-functional-role/  http://www.rdgao.com/epiphenomenal-oscillations/

I think I'm inclined to the email view below - that LFPs are readouts of summed activity, rather than causal, but I don't think this means they're epiphenomenal either. Waves in the ocean are readouts of the activity of the moon, wind and underwater activity - but they mean something!

Very interesting, I found some responses to the second article on some digging - and I think the comment at the end of this mail from MV mimics the idea I came across in one of Buzsaki's works (I've genuinely forgotten which one). In this sense, LFPs are a byproduct. I am certain that Buzsaki's work did not claim LFP does nothing, he has a whole book on rhythms in the brain (which I have currently stolen from the lab 😮) - a bit of a dense book though! In our case, I'd have to do some digging into their arguments and our own results, but I think this view would essentially say that enough the brain is still intact and functioning close to normal post ATNx to generate these regular rhythms. How these rhythms link to/ influence spikes post ATNx would be the question in that case I guess

## Friday, October 22, 2021

In the morning was looking at coding to make sure I am top of things. For example LeetCode has some good practice, and I also have some ideas to write more efficient code.

I really need to wrap up some things next week, including the books I have and what I want to take from them. What to integrate into my thesis, what my last project will be etc.
