# 2021 week 48

Mostly thesis writing and neuromatch academy.
I approached Nmatch very differently this year, and really only tuned in for what I was very interested in - and it went much much better.
I think I have finally identified the kind of work that I find exciting.
I need to make somewhere to track the consecutive number of days that I have done writing for!

## Monday, November 29, 2021

Working on thesis, NMC, and connections.

Picked out a few interesting things from NMC, but note that the flash talks seem to be viewable at any time.

For the connections paper, I finished intersecting the probes with cells, and completed the visualization of the whole thing.
Some results from this vis are in my thesis figures folder under my PhD folder.

## Tuesday, November 30, 2021

Idea for a little project - take the paper recommender from Claudio and make it voice based.

In the morning, gathering everything together for Shane.
In the afternoon, think I will get my literature review together for this project.

Check out https://bbp.epfl.ch/nexus/cell-atlas/ in more detail.
This has full 3D positions of cells so I would not necessarily need to do randomly if the numbers match.

I need to read the paper Shane sent on to me today about if the brain cares about averages.

Was updating lit rev in the afternoon

## Wednesday, December 1, 2021

Day 1 of NMC 4 today, going to be watching and also writing thesis.

## Thursday, December 2, 2021

Morning - going to work on literature review in block 1, then in block 2 I'll check out some NMC stuff and see what is on today.

https://compneuro.neuromatch.io/tutorials/W3D5_NetworkCausality/student/W3D5_Tutorial2.html
Don't forget this from Neuromatch, that in large brain systems correlation does not well match causation.

Check out this http://www.brain-score.org/#about
Check out neurallatents.github.io/

Still need to fully read the paper that Shane sent on to me.

Literature review - need to check the Zotero to see if covered everything.

Friday here:
Updated the literature review, seems fine for now - time to move on to finishing my paper and then chapter 3.

Brief neuromatch notes:
I need to grab the things from my journal, and check neural latents - but I have incorporated a lot of the grand ideas into my notebook.
A big thing of note (and this is a bit informal), is that there are many scientists (not all - some are very enthusiastic) who struggle with similar to me.
They think that scientific publishing encourages sheep behaviour (it is easy to say to encourage diversity but it is not currently rewarded).
That the grant system is too taxing.
That scientific loneliness is a problem (not able to bounce ideas).
That it can feel a little grim for the field that if we can't understand ANNs, how brains.
That we used to use the excuse of "not enough data" but that no longer applies - it is on us, and the methods just are not really developing.
