# 2021 week 45

Got thesis in shape to start writing into.
Investigated more open data sets.
Used https://connectivity.brain-map.org/3d-viewer to consider how to upgrade the connections paper.

## Monday, November 8, 2021

### Plan

1. Formalise thoughts and send to Shane.
2. Review state of thesis.
3. Review connectivity paper.

I made progress on these on Friday, but did not get them finished.

I have changed my pomodoro strategy to 40 mins work, 8mins break.
Currently worked 4 pomodoros on writing (2 hrs 40mins).

### Notes

https://tutorials.datajoint.io/index.html

## Tuesday, November 9, 2021

### Notes

Online 3D mouse brain viewer here https://connectivity.brain-map.org/3d-viewer
Should consider putting some of these in thesis to help explain tractography etc.

I have realised that I messed up the explanation as to why Monte Carlo network is useful.
The Monte Carlo network can EXACTLY model gradients, layers, etc. etc.
As such the stats model is designed to make this faster, since the Monte Carlo can already do it - it just takes forever.
With this in mind, I should design a version of the experiment where layers and gradients etc. etc. are actually involved in the problem.
Then check, with these, how close the summary version (the stats) matches to the actual problem.

What did the first reviewer mean by not knowing the out-degree, I thought I already handled this (the outdegree follows a random distribution).
Why more interesting to not know the out-degree as opposed to the in degree also??

## Wednesday, November 10, 2021

https://portal.brain-map.org/explore/circuits/visual-coding-neuropixels still seems promising along with Carandini Harris data for open data to analyse.
See citation policy here https://alleninstitute.org/legal/citation-policy/

Need to finish up the open data / correlation information sheet.
Then move on to some thesis writing to get a better idea of where I stand.
Then the changes to the paper for WT would be best.

Check the references to e.g. the Siegle 2021 to make sure no one has answered my question yet.

## Friday, November 12, 2021

Yesterday was sick, had to go docs. Back to work today.

Going to start with open data read through once more. Then review thesis structure, and then some thesis writing.

Spent the morning with a bit of a nightmare! My citations just wouldn't work. Eventually got it fixed, and moved the backend to biber. This has resulted in much better looking and easier citations though, so perhaps all for the best!