# 2021 week 36

Fixing final bits and bobs for Beth LFP paper.

## Wednesday, September 8, 2021

Back to proper work after an unexpected semi-break.

### Priorities

1. Get to grips on some new papers.
2. Continue completing the methods and results in LFP paper.
3. Consider how to share the data (check OSF).
4. Consider how to share the code (check GitHub).

### Notes

Rerun the peak frequency plots with FOOOF to have matching bars.
Rerun CA1 with z score normalised
Rerun t-maze after splitting into 3.

Should formalise some of the class designs used in SIMURAN in a document.
Make a release for all the Python libraries used in the code and specify the version all libraries we did not create.
I really need to try and build the new Windows version of NeuroChaT.
Try a quick version of decoding using just the coherence.

### To put in thesis

The idea that perhaps correlation between brain area is them doing the same thing! Or them doing nothing.
As such, high correlation is not what we should be looking for.
E.g. on the t-maze data, the animal is wrong when the coherence is higher.

### Hours worked

7

## Thursday, September 9, 2021

Finally getting to the end of the LFP paper I think!

### Achieved

Lots of work on finishing off code and stats.

### Notes

Is the coherence in the t-maze too low resolution?
The peak is probably around 9Hz, but I'm not picking this up due to the nsegments being low. Hm.

### Hours worked

5

## Friday, September 10, 2021

### Notes

Change coherence to be mean in theta band not max.
Consider upping res of coherence in t-maze.
