# 2021 week 35

Conference on this week and running final bits for Beth LFP.

## Monday, August 30, 2021

Didn't get too much done as was not well. Listened to some of the conference though.

### Notes

Benjamin Hayden (in monkeys) did not find much a difference between the function of the cells recorded in different parts of the PFC.
As such, (given there is also debate over boundaries there it seems), perhaps PFC is much of the same.
Oddly enough, despite the recent review on the population doctrine from Hayden, they are still doing single cell level analysis. Odd and interesting.


## Tuesday, August 31, 2021

### Properties

1. Get in touch with Matheus.
2. Gather together stats and figures and update paper.
3. Decide on next steps to take for PhD (will list down some and pick best)

### Notes

David Leopold - how does the brain operate under natural conditions.
Uri Hasson - 80% simple system of overfitting and interpolation (statistics, like DL) in the brain. Then 20% which must be covered like other things, like thinking.
A bit like DL can cover our everyday things. Maybe our brain does similar for these. And then more complex on top of that (maybe from interaction of simple networks even).

### Achieved

Figured out where matheus is and gathered together many results. Putting them together now.

### Hours worked

4

## Wednesday, September 1, 2021

### Achieved

Lots of work on finalising results.
Also did some final bug fixing and sanity checking of the code and results

### Notes for tomorrow

1. There is something strange in the t-maze analysis. The plots and the stats are not matching up for the theta and the coherence results. Need to fix this for obvious reasons. Will need to update all JASP files using this data.
2. Need to check the STA muscimol analysis and see if this all lines up Ok too.
3. Need to rerun the Spike LFP in CTRL/Lesion and check the output. Also check if the JASP is up to date at this point.
4. First thing in morning fix the problems with spike LFP output.

### Hours worked

5.5

## Thursday, September 2, 2021

### Achieved

1. Ran FOOOF on CA1 data.
2. Fixed problem with spike LFP saving of data. Should now be able to do final stats.
3. Fixed t-maze output of coherence being slightly wrong.
4. Including many methods in paper and doing final runs.

### Notes

1. Redo the power spectra analysis with the wider FOOOF range.
2. Redo the coherence to make sure not using LSR7.
3. Redo all SFC (don't need to overwrite) with despine.

I think I need to run all results fresh as I have already found an old run that I thought was new.
On the bright side, I couldn't tell the difference so the new control hasn't impacted results.

Do the stats in Python AND JASP to make sure they agree and that I have not made mistakes.
Run muscimol_sta and summarise tasks again. (first thing tomorrow)

### Hours worked
6.5