# 2022 week 5

In progress.


## Wednesday, February 02, 2022

Working today on getting conenctions code finished and working on planning and writing in the meantime while this runs.
Going to first go through notes here and make a proper plan for the next little while. Also will synthesise my last few weeks which I have not yet done.

For the connections code, it seems that depth 1 works well with probes, but depth 2 does not. I will check depth 2 quickly on a smaller example, just in case it is a size issue.

## Saturday, February 5, 2022

Today I have done a layout of the results for the connect paper and am gathering some info for meeting and prog meeting.
Tomorrow I need to go through the papers that I should have read and make some notes.
Keeping docs for the meeting in Admin/Progress.

## Sunday, February 5, 2022

Adding some thoughts on papers and going to also to try and get some ideas for tomorrow.
See [[paper_thoughts]]

For tomorrow, things to bring up.

1. JOSS, ER review, connect paper, beth LFP etc.
2. Current plan.
3. Primary interest in information flow and task performance.
4. Should there be an LFP chapter?
5. Probably submit my software to JOSS if that works.

### List with timelines (rough guide)

1. Have redraft of prob connection paper and the bits for ER by end of next week (inc weekend) so Jan 30.
2. Have application to Allen and 2 references finalised by Jan 31.
3. Synthesise recent LFP work by others and consolidate these ideas with what we may be seeing in the ATNx SUB study. Write rough interpretation in thesis, and get it out of my headspace for now. That should be only a week max so Feb 6.
4. Submit to review for neurochat (the small one with the new link to the file etc.) so I can mention it in progress meeting. A small level of effort Feb 6.
5. Clean up my writing on the open data, and start analysing even basic stats on the most promising set. This is a reasonably sized task, but for something basic maybe 2-3 weeks including updating my software tool in tandem. So Feb 27
6. At this point, I'd probably want to focus on my progress meeting as it is in two weeks. So a lot of Thesis writing, submitting loose papers or reviews in case they fall through the cracks of this plan(?) preparing a presentation etc. Mar 11
7. The progress meeting won't take all the time over that two weeks, so should have time also for whatever project is most pressing starting in Mar.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[paper_thoughts]: ../phd/paper_thoughts "Paper thoughts"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"