# 2022 week 24

Working on planning and coding. Much progress made on snakemake workflow.

## Monday, June 13, 2022

Need to refocus and adjust plans based on recent changes.

So today, I want to:

### Re-evaluate plans, taking information from

1. Physical notebooks
2. This repository
3. My thesis
4. Old notes on drive

I will store this information in a new section of this repository, called planning, and can include some images from inkscape etc. to help with this.

### Coding

Continue with the code for the snakemake repository to be able to generate all the old results that we had.
Unfortunately need to redo this because the old code was too messy.

### Writing thesis

I need to get back into the habit of writing my thesis every day, I think I will aim to do this in the evening today.

### Set up a daily section

At the moment, there are some daily data uploading and downloading scripts that I need to run at the start of each day, I need to set these up.

### Create a new landing page for this project

Just update the popular links and restructure the landing page a little bit to improve it.

### Achieved

- Daily section, landing page, and notes.

---
tags: daily
date: 2022--06--14
type: daily-note
---

## Tuesday, June, 2022

There is currently a problem with the osfclient upload whereby it complains about no new_file_url.
I will leave it for a few days to see if the OSF calms down and it happens to work.
Otherwise, I will have to figure out an alternative.
For the moment, can test with `osf_upload.py -u`

### Plan

See [[2022-06-13]] for information, as only got planning done yesterday - coding is focus today.

### Achieved

* Completed the lfp plot and fixed normalising outlier signals.
* Spike LFP in progress but need to fix the conversion step.
* Improved OSF code but there is a problem with the upload process currently.
* Brushed up on UML.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[2022-06-13]: 2022-06-13 "Monday, June 13, 2022"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"

---
tags: daily
date: 2022--06--15
type: daily-note
---

## Wednesday, June, 2022

### Plan

1. Fix the conversion process to include units.
2. Handle muscimol files conversion.
3. Spike LFP.
4. Check why 0-power in some signals.
5. Writing for thesis.
6. Planning for software.

### Achieved

* Fixed spike LFP.
* Fixed the table of files indexing some files multiple times.
* Fix the conversion process to include units.
* Made changes to the conversion process to try handle oddly recorded experiments.

---
tags: daily
date: 2022--06--16
type: daily-note
---

## Thursday, June, 2022

Remember that next week need to try OSF again.

### Plan

1. Fix the conversion process for odd files.
2. Include muscimol files in conversion process.
3. Check spike LFP results.
4. Check size of converted files.
5. Practice speaking.
6. Planning and writing.
7. T-maze.

### Achieved

* Got the conversion working and the muscimol. Working on t-maze at the moment.
