# Thursday, October 28, 2021

Starting off with looking at human data and reading.

I need to start writing out the population level techniques - have some of these in lit review.
Might not be any harm to even make a table style of these in my thesis TBH.

Writing out some hypotheses today and reading papers. Note - https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.09.15.460545v1
This could be interesting to look at more if considering the corr=decreased performance on tasks idea.
ni et al. science 2018 also.

## Hypotheses

### Increased spike count correlation decreases task perfomance

There already seems to be evidence for this. E.g. Rigotti et al. reference 19 *check in more detail from Cunningham towards the neural population doctrine.
Drawback - need to have data that involves tasks - measureable performance, not sure how many of these there are.
In theory though, this would work with any brain regions which is a big plus.
Also an interesting stroy and could be expanded to information theory past just correlation.
I would need to investigate how many studies look for neural corr, and if they claim it is "good" - as opposed to "bad" here.
Also this - claiming mixed selectivity is there https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0959438816000118.

### Population dynamics are similar between brain regions as long as they have reasonably similar stuctural connectivity.

Essentially, this would be claiming that neural activity really is dominated by structural activity.
It makes sense on a base level, as does the previous hypothesis.
Big plus is that almost anything could be used, but I don't really know if there is much support on this.

### Systems level hypothesis

This one would be a bit TBD, but pick my favourite brain regions/ data avaiable in my favourite tasks with my favourite hypothesis about this.
It would be delving a lot into a specific thing.